# LifePod 

## Vision 

This project aims to produce an one feed, simple, podcast player for those with low literacy and/or low mobile phone literacy.

There are many podcast players out there, but if you are one of the many users who has low literacy, or low mobile phone literacy (i.e. new to smart phones), the typical podcast player app might have too much of a learning curve for you with these steps
1. Search for a feed
2. Subscribe to it
3. Play it, 
4. Doing all this with instructions in English. 

In the same context, physical players have their uses but the process of updating is difficult. How much time and expense is required to keep a group of users updated using SD cards?

This app opens straight to one feed, and only one feed, with simple buttons that users can just push and play. You can find and play past episodes, search, share, etc.

## Change Log ##
#### 2017-11-20 ####
1. Implemented Sharing App function
2. Moved feed JSON to a static file that is generated by a cron job, should speed up performance and gives flexibility to move feed if needed.

## Features
1. The app should subscribe to a feed already so when it opens it displays the content of that feed. _**Completed on 2017-11-07**_
2. Ability to play/pause/stop _**Completed on 2017-11-07**_
3. Ability to download episodes ahead of time and play back from the downloaded file when present
4. Sharing the app _**Completed on 2017-11-20** via a download link only_
5. Sharing downloaded episodes (bulk?)

## Todo ##
1. get project production ready


## Wishlist (May or may not need to be implemented, depends on user feedback) ##
1. 30 seconds forward/back
2. remember and resume play on each track
3. ability to load more episodes instead of displaying the whole list up front
4. Tags/categories, way to search for episodes
5. Statistics (beyond what pod hosting website alredy provide)
6. Follow up/contact podcaster
7. Move feed JSON to a static file that is populated by CRON php job instead of real time generated, this way we can move the podcast server without disrupting service.

## Customization ##
1. modify config.xml, change widget id, name, description, author email and anything else as needed.
2. change home.ts modify a string like this "    this.http.get('https://kmclearvoice.com/rss2json/index.php?feed=http://ptmin.podbean.com/feed/') to the URL of your JSON file that contains your feed information
3. In /src/pages/home/home.ts there is an ShareApp function, you need to modify it if you changed the value of widget id in config.xml (step #1 above), the format is        <pre>this.socialSharing.share('Download Here','App', null,'http://www.kmclearvoice.com/apk/lifepod.apk').then(() => {</pre>

You can modify these parameters: 
1. first value is the message you would like to share
2. subject, not important
3. file, leave it as null
4. url, the location of your APK file that is readily accessible. 
 